---
layout: post
title:  1972 Datsun 240Z project car
date:   2016-02-06
categories: cars
feature: 2016-02-06/20160220_133503.jpg
excerpt: Uh...Dad that car is old and busted
---

I bought the Z from a guy in San Jose, CA from an ad in Craigslist (he had 3 others in his driveway so that seemed like a good sign).  I was looking for a car that needed some work but had all the parts and was "mostly" working - you know like they do on Wheeler Dealers, which was the entirety of my experience so far.  The first thing you find when researching "what to look for in an old Z" is to watch out for rust.  The cars were prone to rust and with a car that's over 40 years there's a lot of opportunity.  I also looked up the VIN number and ranges for 1972.  I decided, after a bit of research and internal debate, that I didn't really care about the mileage - I was likely going to rebuild/refurnish the engine anyway.  

When I first saw the car, the guy was kind enough to get it to start but just barely.  It ran for about 5 seconds but it was enough to see that the guages worked and at least the engine turned over.  However, there was no brake or clutch pressure, so there was no chance to take it for a test drive (probably a good thing in retrospect).  This guy was the second owner and had plans to restore it but just didn't get around to it.  I probably spent about 30-45 min looking over the car.  Later that night, I decided to make an offer and he accepted, that was on Sunday.  We planned on me picking up the car the following Saturday, which gave me 5 days to figure out how to get it home.

I have a fairly short but inclined driveway - no way you could push a car up it.  There was a bit of panic about how to actually get the car into my garage.  I entertained numerous crazy ideas, but in the end I signed up for AAA Gold and they picked it up and delivered it right into my garage.  It couldn't have been easier.   

When my 4-year old daughter first saw the car in the garage she said "Uh...Dad that car is old and busted."
